I"N<p>Journaling is the best way to document anything you want. There’re a lot of ways to write journals – you can use texts, images, comics, audios and videos, etc. Whatever way you wish to do it, the most important thing amongst all is that you need to understand clearly why and what you wish to write about.</p>

<p>I think an office journal is helpful for setting objectives and goals, reflecting on the past and planning for the future. What’s an office journal? I made up this term. An office journal is a periodic journal about your career. It offers the opportunity to pause and think carefully about your career. By setting clear objectives and goals, you can energise yourself by targeting what you desire in workspace. The growth momentum will build up if you’re clear about what you want out of work each day, week, month and year.</p>

<p>This’s how I would write an office journal. I would create a dedicated folder for my journals. I would name this folder “office-journal”. Inside the folder, I would create two sub-folders – “daily-reflection” and “career-weekly”. As the names suggest, “daily-reflection” will be the place where I reflect on each day, and “career-weekly” is where I reflect on each week. Each time I create an entry, I would name the entry with the date on which I create it. I would set clear objectives in the morning and come back to summarise my progress at the end of the day to see how I performed on that day. Similarly, I would name my weekly journals with the dates on which I create them and carefully reflect on the past week and set some broad goals for the coming week.</p>

<p>A well-written, thoughtful office journal should help with your career progression. This’s what I plan to do to keep learning and growing. Journaling is a continuous effort. It requires persistence. I will remind myself of creating these journals every morning and catch up if I fail to do so. Missing a few entries is acceptable, but it’s important to keep the momentum growing by adjusting your direction when you realise that you’re running off the track.</p>

:ET