I"<p>As the United States continues to impose arbitrary sanctions on Chinese companies and the technology race between the two largest economies continues to intensify, we can no longer ignore the lasting consequence of not building a strong economy and foundation for future development on Made in China. One of the responsibilities that comes with citizenship is supporting our country when the future of which is at risk. This is that moment, and more people should recognize this pacing challenge.</p>

<p>To support Made in China, we must take bold action. Yesterday, I exempted certain Chinese service providers from the Internet Security Entity List - a tool I developed last year to identify and block access to software applications and internet-based services that maliciously acquire sensitive user data without proper transparency and/or authorization. This allows me to register accounts with these services.</p>

<p>The United States of America has been a leader in technology. It has dominated many fields of technology from industrial software, electronic devices, to the design and fabrication of cutting-edge semiconductors. In the past four years under Trump and now under Biden, the United States has shown its intention to use export controls, investment restrictions, and other forms of sanctions to pressure Chinese national champions. In the words of Gina M. Raimondo, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce, the United States intends to “slow down” China’s innovation.</p>

<p>Supporting a Chinese-made future is more important than ever. As citizens of the People’s Republic of China, we should on longer make our buying decision based solely on quality and features. We should as well take into account how our decision can contribute to China, Inc. and the future of our civilization. We shall take a long-term view, transcend short-term buying cycles, and take up the enduring patriotic responsibility to ensure that our nation wins the 21st Century and beyond, and it can prosper without fearing the threats from rogue states on the world stage.</p>

<p>A critical step in supporting Chinese goods and services is to identify Chinese alternatives to imports from the United States. We can no longer bear the catastrophic consequence of allowing U.S. companies such as Microsoft, Apple, Google and Autodesk to dominate our operating systems, smart phones, app stores, and industrial software, etc. We must support Huawei’s HarmonyOS, Xiaomi’s smart phone, Kingsoft’s WPS Office, Baidu’s PaddlePaddle deep learning framework and hundreds and thousands of other Chinese made-and-owned products, services, and technologies that deserve to be known, used, and celeberated that will shape our shared future.</p>

<p>We should also acknowledge that the PRC as a developing country is still far behind the USA in a number of areas from technology, defence, to geopolitical influence. Supporting Made in China means greater tolerance for imperfection, willingness to take the longer route, desire to contribute to Chinese communities, and exercising patriotic duties and responsibilities that come with citizenship. Our nation can only outcompete the U.S. and other aggressors should we act in unison.</p>

<p>Before the end of day, I will update my Internet Security Entity List rules and publish a list to identify Chinese alternatives to foreign imports on my website. I believe more people should understand the magnitude and gravity of the great-power competition in this new era. All the patriots should act now to secure China’s prosperous future.</p>
:ET