I"Y<p>In an article published a few days ago, I highlighted the importance for People’s Republic of China (China) citizens to exercise patriotism in supporting Made in China during this new era of great-power competition launched unilaterally by Washington D.C. Whether or not it is China’s intention to rival the United States of America (United States) in the first place, no one can or should deny that this rivalry is already in place. At least, it has been determined by Washington D.C. that a new era of great-power competition is underway.</p>

<p>This commitment to support China with bold action starts right here. In the past several days, I’ve identified a list of Chinese alternatives to commonly used products and services imported from the United States and its Allies and partners. Once this list is complete, I will make it available on this website so that more people can see and understand the urgency of supporting Made in China in tangible steps and prompt them to act before it’s too late.</p>

<p>This competition between the United States and the PRC has expanded into multiple disciplines over the last four years from trade, technology, to finance, etc. Today, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) identified a few more U.S.-listed Chinese companies that will face delisting risks under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFACC), which includes Baidu, Inc., the largest Chinese-language search engine and a world-leading artificial intelligence (AI) powerhouse, extending the list to include eleven Chinese companies. This yet again demonstrates the United States’ intention to pressure Chinese businesses and the urgent need for China’s resolve to confront and contain U.S. aggression.</p>

<p>Chinese companies are much different from ten years ago. They’re more innovative, agile, and competitive. Megvii and Baidu are both leading AI companies not just within PRC borders but also widely recognized around the world. Both firms offer home-made deep learning frameworks, free and open-source. I have yet to check out MegEngine and PaddlePaddle, which can rival American alternatives such as TensorFlow from Google and PyTorch from Meta. Megvii and Baidu also provide freely accessible cloud-based building blocks for training AI models using these frameworks. It’s time to give these Made in China a fair shot.</p>

<p>I’ve also moved from Microsoft’s Visual Studio Code to DCloud’s HBuilderX a few days ago. HBuilderX, as analysed in a previous blog post, is a free and open-source code editor from a Chinese company. I’ve been using it ever since. Whilst it still has a lot of work to do to catch up with Microsoft’s rivals, it is adequate for developers to build stunning applications.</p>

<p>Similarly, I’ve moved from Figma to MasterGo for designing user interfaces and building the design system I announced in February, and I’ve moved from Microsoft Edge to 360 Secure Browser, etc. I’ve also recreated an account on Gitee, the largest code-hosting service in China, as an alternative to GitHub and Bitbucket. All these efforts are made to embrace a future that’s Made in China by helping Chinese businesses thrive and out-compete their foreign competitors.</p>

<p>I’m embracing Made in China more than ever before. The PRC as a developing country has a lot more catch-up to do to out-compete the U.S. in this once-in-a-generation competition. Consumers here and abroad have been making buying decisions based solely upon price tags, features, and quality, etc. However, there is an enduring responsibility that’s embedded in citizenship: When the future of our country is at stake, we shall do all we can do to safeguard the homeland. If we lose China to the West, we have nowhere to escape.</p>

<p>All businesses, both domestic and foreign, deserve a level-playing field, and all citizens shall uphold their patriotic duties when the bell rings. The American people are acting to protect the interests and rights of their motherland, so should PRC citizens. Embracing Made in China means giving greater tolerance for imperfection. In the past several decades, Reform and Opening has opened the Chinese market to import and export, spurred prodigious economic growth, and enriched the Chinese people’s lives. It is; however, way past the time to take pride of buying foreign goods over domestic ones. We shall step back to make our purchase decisions not only as consumers but also patriots.</p>

<p>China has been relying heavily on the United States - the Western country that views China as a “Strategic Competitor”, an adversary, and inclines increasingly towards hostile policies against China - for everything from consumer goods to cutting-edge technology. We must put this to an end for the sake of our nation’s future and prosperity and never return to it because it’s more convenient to be the taker than the creator.</p>

<p>If the Chinese society takes this competition more seriously, acknowledges the fact that the great-power rivalry is already here, and takes decisive action to protect the PRC’s vital interests by giving home-born entrepreneurs and manufacturers a more pragmatic view, an inclusive environment, and offer them a fair shot, we can save China’s - our great nation’s - future from America’s and other hostile nations’ mercy. It’s time for us to act as a people, as a nation, and as a civilization.</p>
:ET