I"&<p>In a <a href="../life-after-college-my-path-forward/">previous post</a> (the “Post”), I discussed my path forward after graduating college. While I was certain about pursuing a master’s degree for the sake of career advancement, I was undecisive between business analytics and computer science. In this article, I would like to extend on that conversation to try reach a conclusion.</p>

<p>Business analytics is a business school program. Considering my background in finance and information systems, business analytics appears to be a better choice than computer science because it integrates analytical and technical skills. In business analytics, not only you learn to perform technical tasks, but also to interpret the results, which is arguably, more important than number crunching itself. Therefore, I decided to consider business analytics an option.</p>

<p>Computer science, on the other hand, is an art and science program. Some universities also categorize computer science as an engineering discipline. Unlike business analytics, this is what I call a “purely technical” degree. That is, computer science puts much heavier emphasis on technology than business analytics. In business analytics, you learn a lot about business including marketing, management, and accounting in addition to SQL, R, and Python; however, in computer science, you spend all the time learning operating systems, programming languages, and algorithms. I fell in love with technology since the first time I code in an information systems class. I was so passionate about technology; therefore, I also consider computer science an option.</p>

<p>After consulting with my professors, the internet, and my parents and asking myself “what do I want to achieve” for a few times, I have decided to pursue computer science. As mentioned in the Post about the difference between the Chinese and American job markets, Chinese companies tend to favour “technologists with business knowledge” but not “analysts with technical know-how”. China is an emerging economy. It is growing faster than the rest of the world. This means it is more likely to encounter issues in China ahead of other countries. These issues present challenges but also opportunities. Having spent four years in the United States, while I appreciate the American ideal of freedom of speech and so on, China is where the future lies. I strongly believe in China’s potential – not because it is my home country, but it is a fact that even Western powers cannot deny. Thus, to prepare for my transition back into the Chinese economy, I must equip myself with a solid technical foundation. After spending four years at a business school, I believe I already have the managerial and analytical mindset necessary to be successful in business.</p>

<p>Conclusively, I will spend the next couple of months, even years, to prepare for my graduatelevel education in computer science. Since I come from a business background, I received much less technical training than computer science undergraduates even though I majored in information systems. Therefore, I expect to see obstacles on my journey ahead, but I will not and cannot afford to back down because computer science is the way to go. I must be prepared to do whatever it takes to achieve this goal. This is imperative because after leaving college, I will be the only driver of myself. I must motivate myself to act and not only to think about the future. In the next post in this series, I will discuss what I plan to do to prepare for a graduate-level education in computer technology.</p>
:ET